c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\CustomerManagement.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\CustomerManagement.Web.Common.pdb
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\CustomerManagement.Core.Abstract.dll
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\CustomerManagement.Core.dll
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\CustomerManagement.BusinessObjects.dll
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\CustomerManagement.Common.dll
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\CustomerManagement.DataAccess.dll
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\CustomerManagement.Core.Abstract.pdb
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\CustomerManagement.Core.pdb
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\CustomerManagement.BusinessObjects.pdb
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\CustomerManagement.Common.pdb
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\CustomerManagement.DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\obj\Debug\CustomerManagement.Web.Common.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\obj\Debug\CustomerManagement.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\hrachya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerManagement\CustomerManagement.Web.Common\obj\Debug\CustomerManagement.Web.Common.pdb
